Before we have a look at how we could further improve our application.
Let me talk about these libraries a little bit more.
We saw two libraries here and there are way more libraries for all kinds of things you can do with Javascript.
So how do you find these libraries How do you find out which one you should use.
Well there is no simple answer to this.
Typically it works like this.
You know you want to add a certain functionality.
For example you want to work with dates a lot and you don't want to write code for formatting or transforming
dates on your own.
Well then you would just search for javascript dates or javascript dates library and then you could
find a library like moment.
JS would just elaborate focusing on date specific utility functions.
Tell us how that works.
And there are as I just mentioned libraries for all kinds of things you can create in javascript and
libraries are an integral part of javascript since they make your life so much easier and allow you
to focus on your business logic instead of having to reinvent the wheel all the time and then maybe
also doing it wrong.
You might not be writing optimal code there.
That is why libraries exist and why they are super important.